hello guys with you positive play
the friends i get something do i get you
do feints in fifa 14
so friends oh what feints will not teach
you fill fifa 14 yes friends let's
we will proceed to learning first
the thing that we need to choose
reference point so that no one bothers us
it's about here it will be here
then press the lt key immediately come
I warn you that I work on a joystick
the keyboard I do not prefer clamped
the key
lt plus nbrb and press the key
r.b. click on men but men we wait
this is the easiest find further up
keeping you teach you to do a feint with
throwing up here it looks like this
and so for this we also need to tamp
ball and keys to control sorry
keys to control throw it
up let's just fold it and hit
straight fine so now let's
let's get down to better tricks and
beautiful for this also stuff
we fill and keys for screws
scrolls on the stick 360 degrees
Let me turn Cristiano Ronaldo
so that you can see we are getting stuffed
we stuff and so here so here so
let's rotate 360 ​​times
we twist we twist we twist we twist
we twist we twist we twist perfectly and
so on i would like to show you the screw in
a false swing it looks like this
stuffing stuffed ups
typing and now key for
tricks right-left up there pass by
pop pop then I give it again
I will expand what was more clear to the right
left or left right further let me
I'll show you find which crissiano
ronaldo throw the ball forward more
cool this type of rainbow is stuffing at all
how it looks so great
to make such a trick we need
as always just stuff
and dress for feints down and twice
up memorize the view down and twice
up so pour stuff out fill
priests great well in general is understandable and
so well, everything seems to be I taught you that
knew also you can line up in
youtube
there everything is clear everything is cool well in general
thanks for watching everyone subscribe to
channel rate all bye
to challenge
one was cheating
Now
music iman and then this memo by
words from this to the door
High Commissioner
good luck with the game
shave 2 beetles with you
exactly the world you so
u starter packs
our sites
and
but